//race|description|stats|effects
Aarakocra|Bird humanoids. They are descendants of the Kenku empire, and were deemed worthy of flight by the gods when the empire fell. Now disgraced, they became so far removed from civilization that they have become simply a rumor, and seeing one fly above strikes fear and wonder into the heart’s of onlookers.|3De, 2Wi
Bugbear|Enormous, hairy beasts. Despite their huge size, they move quietly and strike powerfully. Easy to enrage, they are the definition of an apex predator.|3St, 2De
Dwarf|Small, crafty, and smart. Weapons and armor smithed by Dwarves are exceptionally made.|3Co, 2De
Elf|Graceful creatures. Elves are deeply in tune with magic and nature. One can always depend on an Elf for aid and assistance, but do not wrong them unless you wish to have an entire forest as your enemy.|2Wi, 3De
Genasi|Genasi are elemental fighters. The control of fire, water, earth, air, light and dark flows in their blood.|4Wi, 1Co
Gnome|The small body of a Gnome could not possibly contain their passion. They are energetic, and bond with the masses with their high energy.|4Ch, 1In
Goblin|Many believe that the Goblin race began with a distorted race of Gnome-Tiefling children, having inherited the worst of both their parents. Small, untrustworthy, crafty, and impulsive.|2Co, 3De
Goliath|Goliath’s are tanks. They are strong and tough. However, unlike their Bugbear cousins, they are much more civilized. They are passionate creatures, and attack only when provoked.|3Co, 2St
Skeleton|Skeletons aren’t typically seen as strong creatures. While their physical strength normally comes in numbers, they can be particularly strong wizards, and have high intelligence.|1De, 4In
Half-Elf|The Half-Elf has great, powerful, potential, however, they choose to focus their passions and power towards perfecting their art. Healing, prayer, and unity.|4Ch, 1In
Half-Orc|Represents the opposite of the Half-Elf; the side of humans that is tied to feral instincts. They make astounding warriors, and their Orc bloodline gives them a great ability with weapons.|2St, 3Co
Hobgoblin|Fantastic warriors. Unlike their Goblin cousins, Hobgoblins are military geniuses. Any army would be incomplete without at least one or two Hobgoblin generals.|3Co, 2In
Human|Versatility is what Humans represent the most. What they lack of in natural ability they make up for in intuitive thinking and logic. When it comes to creativity, few races can beat Humans. They are team-oriented, as the dawn of their very species is considered to be when the first ancestor joined his brethren in survival.|2De, 3Ch
Kenku|Long ago, the Kenku were royalty. Gifted with the ability to walk and talk like humans, but with wings to soar through the sky, and long beaks for survival, they were made to thrive. However, they wanted more; they wanted godhood. When they attempted to steal their power, the gods destroyed the Kenku empire and removed their wings. Kenku now wander as broken relics of their ancestor’s crimes. They can be smart and tricky, and their voices can only imitate other people. They desire to be feared again, like they once were.|4In, 1Wi
Lizardfolk|The name is pretty self explanatory. These scaly creatures operate with a different mindset than warm-blooded creatures. They enjoy warm environments, and they have a protective armor of scales for skin. While they can be incredibly smart, stealthy, and strategic, their motives are quite primitive. Survival is their main concern, and they typically do not enjoy forming close relationships unless it will help them stay alive.|4De, 1Co
Orc|Orcs are most commonly used in examples of raw power. Their forced underbite and huge fangs give an accurate image of what these green giants stand for. But don’t be deceived, Orcs are not uncivilized. They are very loyal to their packs, and are determined to train their children to be as powerful as they can be from a young age.|2St, 3Co
Tabaxi|Cat humanoids. No matter where you go, Tabaxi seem to always be foreigners; almost as if they have no homeland. They can travel almost anywhere, and love collecting souvenirs (shiny ones especially) and stories.|4De, 1Ch
Tiefling|Tieflings are the descendants of demons. They are incredibly talented, skilled, deadly creatures, and can be very useful, but keep your wits about you and be slow to let your guard down. Tieflings are masters of manipulation, but do not always have evil motives. There can be genuine, goodhearted, altruistic Tieflings, and there can be cold, selfish, sadistic Tieflings. Why are they so feared? It’s nearly impossible to tell the difference between a good Tiefling and a bad one.|2In, 3Ch
Tortle|Tortles share a common ancestor with Lizardfolk, but Tortles are significantly slower and incredibly more wise and tough. Lizardfolk are high energy and short tempered compared to the Tortle lifestyle. These nomads are deeply in tune with the inner machinations of the universe, and have seemingly unlimited spiritual energy.|4Wi, 1Co
Triton|For many, many years, tritons lived deep under water in vast kingdoms. When they received a prophecy that a darkness was spreading in the world above that threatened to dry the oceans, they surfaced to assist the land-dwellers defeat this darkness. They are most powerful in the water, and prefer long weapons like the trident over short ranged weapons like swords or clubs.|3Co, 2In